next but you know the cup games
have their own laws
if the team was complete so too
with scorer black what else
to report and whether it relaxes
or exciting that was all
pure lefeber after the last
convincing play was merkur
dortmund certainly not without chances to
Tables fourth of the Oberliga Westphalia
traveled to Herne and before the
game offered dortmundern the one
Another advantage the game was not
as provided for in the closed stadium
strünkede discharged but because of
weather conditions to one
misplaced and on the usual
Aschenplatz played the more Korean
from the beginning with that is already the
fifth minute as a member black
shot comes and just forgives
also jimmy felix i with the number 13 was
from the very beginning, he has the last
games offered good and despite
he too will be injured in his early injury
through to the end and after eight
minutes provoke the second
big chance more coal in the
Oberligist was disturbed early did not come
has interplay in the first half
absolutely only one big chance
as here in the 31 minute the defense of
Dortmunder is not paying attention that is
carsten link who walks up and away
and a better owner than that
You can hardly shoot therapy
at these 10 for herne it remained until the
pause and in the second half had
the host the better start
that's the 48 minute and mercury probably
still shocked about this
owner leaves the host the
initiative carsten link head here to
but the king is on the ball
Post
and then about the middle of the second half
leave westfalia herne merkur the
initiative wants the 1 0
rocking over time and jimmy felix
had a great chance to
compensation
and from now on, they will see around 300
spectators a dramatic cup play
merkur is getting stronger and in the 68th
minute is it defender frank müller
so that his header balancing
achieved a lot of cheering and of course
Merkur now remembers the pusher
that there is more in here
that's jimmy felix again the ball
to jonny guth her playing will be yes
his shot misses the target clearly
at the end , it says 1 to 1 after 90 minutes
There is an extension
and in the westfalia herne but has
the weather is getting worse and worse
better start
after that flank of uli reimann becomes
Joerg silver bush come to the ball and
against his shot has volker okun
There is no chance 2 2 1 for Westfalia
Hear in the 94th
minute but merkur stuck under no circumstances
on after this free kick of frank rost
ferrero tieres has the big chance yet
The culprit detlef müller can hold
a minute later then this attack
of merkur jimmy felix and he plays
his opponent brings the ball after
inside and after that feeling it is that
Nigerian who scored the 2 2 in the 99
minute and now feels merkurs trainer
walter that a decision for
Mercury is possible he brings two new
striker for manuel guth animal and the
therapy and relies fully on offensive
and in the meantime strong snowfall
Black has the big chance here
in the 111 minute but can be lift
hernes trainer detlef müller just yet
parry and who plays the final phase
only merkur dortmund the team
fights excellently comes to the ground
better cope and two minutes before
the big chance to win
decision yet petra red iris
misses it remains even after 120 minutes
when 2 2 the penalty shoot
decide and that's the 3 2 by
lord it wilfried perner but more briefly
frank postberg
often as safe to 3 3 then stopped
Volker Kullik a penalty and so on
nico tieres has a great chance for
Merkur to force the preliminary decision
but he failed with his penalty
at Kernes täter müller and that is the 4
3 for herne by carsten left with
the black retains in the rows of
Mercury's nerves
his strike meant the compensation to
4 4
then comes the big moment of merck
US dollar gets his second
strafstoß and andrea cipolla brings
his eleven meter merkur 5 to 4 in leadership
afterwards Hernes reimann transforms
to balance and the decision must
fall in the last penalty for merkur
the skis georg long and the meets on
thus , merker wins the end
superlists of the fabia herne
sensational but not undeserved with 6
to 5
congratulation circle class